# Make Up by Fifi## Step 1: Define Your Audience/Tone
The response is on [Google Drive here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Q5OZHzLKHtOzcaUpp-2pLtpxuqZXnHn0__Iw0EZws-U/edit?usp=sharing)### 1. Who will visit your site?a. Potential clients looking for make­up services; weddings and photo shoots. Thiswebsite will be the professional online portfolio for others to view and share. This will be targeted towards people in the surrounding area of DC, Maryland and Virginia but not limited to.### 2. What value does your website offer to its visitors?a. Provides a visual portfolio of the make­up artists work and gives them theopportunity to directly contact her for questions and make a booking.### 3. What information has to be presented to your consumers to allow them to purchase your goods or services?a. Description of services, location of services, a link to social media accounts and and 'about' page that lists her credentials.### 4. What can make you and/or your restaurant/business stand out against your competitors?a. Professional photos of past work, testimonials, links to the businesses social network accounts and listing collaborations.### 5. How are your food or other products represented digitally?a. Professional photos provided by clients from weddings and photos fromphotographers that collaborated on photoshoots.### 6. What colors represent your restaurant/business? a. black and white(Still working on the below)## Step 2: Identify Content*Create a sitemap in outline format of your website. Use the following questions as a guide:*
The outline is in [spreadsheet form here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1o1qwsM_IEEWc-mJjZgZkxXG4dQs3zdsEUViCCUuzUlo/edit?usp=sharing).### 1. Include two to four pages; give each web page a content­appropriate name? a. homei. Artist logo and a feature photo to pull the viewer in. Two boxes will appear to allow the viewer to view her portfolio.b. Wedding photosi. After clicking the ‘wedding’ box on the home screen, you are brought toan interior page that displays the artist work from past weddings. c. photo shoot photos
i. The other option on the home page will be the ‘shoot’. Here photos from professional photoshoots and collaborations with other artists will be displayed.d. artist bioi. Maybe placed on the footer there will be a button to get to know moreabout the artist. Here she will tell her back story and also where she services.### 2. What will be the purpose for each?### 3. What should each page contain? Will there be textual content? Or just images?a. mainly images, the only place there will be heavy text will be in the bio. Sinceprices vary there will be no price sheet available online.### 4. Incorporate market research you conducted/the wireframes you developed in Unit 2 and the home page you designed in Unit 3.*Use this document as a reference for setting up your content.*